DOCS: Developer style guidelines (#563)
pysat/pysat: CONTRIBUTING.md

       Travis to run the tests for each change you add in the pull request.
       Because testing here will delay tests by other developers, please ensure
       that the code passes all tests on your local system first.

Project Style Guidelines
------------------------

> In general, pysat follows PEP8 and numpydoc guidelines.  Unit and integration
> tests use pytest, linting is done with flake8, and sphinx-build performs
> documentation tests.  However, there are certain additional style elements that

Reviewer: The list should be either all active or all passive.
```suggestion
In general, pysat follows PEP8 and numpydoc guidelines.  Pytest runs the unit
 and integration tests, flake8 checks for style, and sphinx-build performs
documentation tests.  However, there are certain additional style elements that
```

> have been settle on to ensure the project maintains a consistent coding style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been settled on to ensure the project maintains a consistent coding style.
```

These include:

* Line breaks should occur before a binary operator (ignoring flake8 W503)
* Combine long strings using `join`

> * Preferably break long lines on open parentheses rather than using `\`

Reviewer: Since 79 is rapidly becoming the default, we should also call out the line limit
```suggestion
* Preferably break long lines on open parentheses rather than using `\`
* Use no more than 80 characters per line
```

Author: I'll wait until you make all your changes before committing them to reduce the amount of CI runs.

Reviewer: That's it from me.  The other special things we ignore will probably be removed down the line, so we can revisit them later.

* Avoid using Instrument class key attribute names as unrelated variable names:
  * `platform`
  * `name`
  * `tag`
  * `inst_id`
* The pysat logger is imported into each sub-module and provides status updates
  at the info and warning levels (as appropriate)
* Several dependent packages have common nicknames, including:
  * `import datetime as dt`
  * `import numpy as np`
  * `import pandas as pds`
  * `import xarray as xr`
* All classes should have `__repr__` and `__str__` functions

> * Docstrings use `Note` instead of `Notes`

Reviewer 2: Should we note the general format of the docstrings is numpydoc except for... (correct values here)

Reviewer 2: Well, of course. I did read things ahead of time but clearly not well enough.

       Travis to run the tests for each change you add in the pull request.
       Because testing here will delay tests by other developers, please ensure
       that the code passes all tests on your local system first.

Project Style Guidelines
------------------------

In general, pysat follows PEP8 and numpydoc guidelines.  Pytest runs the unit

>  and integration tests, flake8 checks for style, and sphinx-build performs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and integration tests, flake8 checks for style, and sphinx-build performs
```
errant space.

documentation tests.  However, there are certain additional style elements that
have been settled on to ensure the project maintains a consistent coding style.
These include:

* Line breaks should occur before a binary operator (ignoring flake8 W503)
* Combine long strings using `join`
* Preferably break long lines on open parentheses rather than using `\`
* Use no more than 80 characters per line
* Avoid using Instrument class key attribute names as unrelated variable names:
  * `platform`
  * `name`
  * `tag`

>   * `inst_id`

Reviewer 2: These aren't showing up like you want. It isn't recognizing them as a sublist. 

Sorry about the individual comments and thus multiple emails.

Author: No worries, I'll leave this until Monday to give you more time to look at this.  If you'd like to take a stab at fixing this formatting, feel free.  Otherwise, maybe put in a suggestion where these are just listed as part of a sentence in the above bullet?

Reviewer 2: @rfuller81 can you sort out how to get a nested list in markdown?

Author: @rfuller81 github markdown specifically :-P. I implemented a work-around for now, so if you can make this a nested list later that would be great.

> * Avoid using Instrument class key attribute names as unrelated variable names:
>   * `platform`
>   * `name`
>   * `tag`
>   * `inst_id`

Author: ```suggestion
* Avoid using Instrument class key attribute names as unrelated variable names: `platform`, `name`, `tag`, and `inst_id`
```
